financings of KinderCare Learning Centers Inc. and Aramark Educational Resources by Knowledge 
150 
Learning Corporation. Previously, Mr. Neumann was with TCW / Crescent Mezzanine where he 
completed mezzanine financings primarily for leveraged buyout transactions. Prior thereto, Mr. Neumann 
worked in the investment banking division of Deutsche Bank (Bankers Trust) in the Financial Sponsors 
Group. Mr. Neumann earned a Bachelors of Business Administration from the University of Notre Dame. 
151 
KUE Advisory Board 
Les Biller 
Leslie Biller is retired Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer of Wells Fargo & Company. Mr. Biller 
joined Wells Fargo in 1998, when it merged with Norwest Corporation. Prior to that, he spent nearly 11 
years at Norwest, where he held various executive positions including Executive Vice President and head 
of Strategic Planning and Acquisitions, Executive Vice President and head of the company's South 
Central Community Banking operations, and President and Chief Operating Officer. Before joining 
Norwest, he was Executive Vice President and head of Consumer Markets at Bank of America, based in 
San Francisco. Mr. Biller joined Bank of America in 1985 as the Senior Vice President of International 
Consumer Markets. Prior to that, he was with Citicorp for 12 years, where he was a Regional Business 
Manager, U.K. Region; and Vice President and Business Manager, Italy. Mr. Biller serves on the Board of 
Directors of Ecolab Inc., and is a director of the Los Angeles Urban League, the Autry Museum of 
Western Heritage, and is a Founders Circle member of the Fulfillment Fund. He earned his MBA from 
Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio, and holds a bachelor's degree in chemical engineering from City 
College of New York. 
Ted Mitchell 
Ted Mitchell was recently named CEO of the New Schools Venture Fund after having served on the New 
Schools Board of Directors for seven years. Mr. Mitchell previously served as president of Occidental 
College for six years. Immediately prior to Occidental, he served as Vice President for Education and 
Strategic Initiatives of the J. Paul Getty Trust. He was also the Deputy to the President at Stanford 
University, Vice Chancellor at UCLA, and a Professor of Education at Dartmouth. Mr. Mitchell is an 
Education Advisor to California Senator Dianne Feinstein and served as a Senior Education Advisor to 
Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan. 
Tsvi Gal 
As Chief Technology Officer for Deutsche Bank Asset Management ("Deutsche Bank"), Tsvi Gal is 
responsible for constructing an industry leading, state of the art, evolutionary architecture which has 
competitively positioned Deutsche Bank for future growth through innovation, processing scale and 
efficiency. Prior to joining Deutsche Bank, Mr. Gal was responsible for overseeing global IT operations at 
Warner Music Group ("WMG"), formerly part of the Time Warner family of operations and now a privately-
held multinational music and publishing company. He lent his considerable global technical expertise to 
the task of integrating WMG's global systems and exploring technological synergies, as well as 
maximizing the opportunities presented by new technologies. Prior to joining WMG, Mr. Gal held the role 
of president of AT&T's ATT.COM from 2000 to 2002, where he was responsible for AT&T's E*Business 
and E"commerce activities. In this position, he oversaw the revitalization of AT&T's presence in the 
market ensuring its transition into a modern era electronic business market leader. Earlier, Mr. Gal was 
the Chief Technology Officer for Enterprise Technology services at Merrill Lynch & Company, where he 
helped build the electronic trading system. From 1996 to 1999, he was Executive Vice President and CIO 
of North America Applications ABN AMR() Bank, one of the world's largest global banks. Mr. Gal is a 
computer-science graduate of Rutgers University, and holds an MBA from Golden Gate University. 
152 
KLC Management 
Name 	KLC Ke Mana•ement 	Years with Company 	Industry Exp. 
Position 
Elanna Yalow 	President and COO 	16 	19 
Dan Jackson 	CFO 	9 	9 
Toni Jaffe 	SVP of Human Resources 	1 	1 
Eva Kripalani 	SVP & General Counsel 	9 	9 
Marcy Suntken 	SVP of School Partnerships 	14 	20 
Dan Frechtling 	SVP of Business Development 	1 	1 
Sharon Bergen 	SVP of Education and Training 	18 	18 
Steve Brown 	President, KCDL 	1 	1 
Total 	69 	78 
Average 	8.6 	9.7 
Elanna Yalow, Ph.D., President and Chief Operating Officer 
Dr. Yalow has been President and Chief Operating Officer of KLC since January 1996, having joined the 
company in 1989 to initiate development of the employer-sponsored services division. Currently, Dr. 
Yalow is responsible for supervising all center operations and support functions. Her educational degrees 
include a Ph.D. in educational psychology from Stanford University School of Education in 1980 with an 
emphasis on the design and evaluation of educational programs for children as well as an M.B.A. from 
Stanford University's Graduate School of Business in 1989. With a background in educational research 
and development, Dr. Yalow contributed to numerous statewide and national curriculum development and 
assessment projects. Dr. Yalow has written extensively on matters related to the education of young 
children. 
Mark Moreland, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Moreland is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Knowledge Learning Corporation 
(KLC). Mr. Moreland joined KLC during 2006. Prior to joining KLC, Mr. Moreland was Interim CFO with 
Movie Gallery, Inc.; the $2.6 billion holding company of the Movie Gallery and Hollywood Video movie 
rental stores with 4,700 stores nationwide. Before being appointed interim CFO, Mr. Moreland served as 
Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer. Before joining Movie Gallery, he was with Kmart 
Corporation in both merchandising finance and treasury capacities, last holding the role of Divisional Vice 
President, Assistant Treasurer. Mr. Moreland has also worked with Deloitte Consulting, Blue Shield of 
California and the U.S. General Accounting Office. Mr. Moreland earned an MBA from the University of 
Michigan and a B.S. in Economics from the University of Texas at Arlington. 
Eva Kripalani, Senior Vice President and General Counsel 
Ms. Kripalani became KLC's Senior Vice President and General Counsel in January 2005. Prior to that, 
Ms. Kripalani served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of KinderCare since July 
2001. She joined KinderCare in July 1997 as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Prior to 
joining KinderCare, Ms. Kripalani was a partner in the law firm of Stoel Rives LLP in Portland, Oregon, 
where she had worked since 1987. Ms. Kripalani received her J.D., magna cum laude, from the 
153 
Willamette University College of Law in 1986 and her B.S. in Finance-Law, magna cum laude, from 
Portland State University in 1983. 
Dan Frechtling, Senior Vice President, Marketing and Business Development 
Mr. Frechtling was named Senior Vice President, Marketing and Business Development in 2005. Prior to 
joining KLC, Mr. Frechtling served as Vice President, Strategy and Business Development and Director, 
Marketing at Mattel. He was Vice President, Corporate Development at Stamps.com and Senior 
Associate at McKinsey & Company. He serves on the board for the Portland-Suzhou Sister City 
Association. Mr. Frechtling graduated from Northwestern University in 1993 and earned his MBA from 
Harvard Business School in 1997. 
Sharon Bergen, Senior Vice President, Education and Training 
Ms. Bergen joined KLC in 1997 and has held several progressively responsible positions in the Education 
and Training Department until her promotion to Vice President in 2002 and her current position in 2005. 
As Senior Vice President of Education and Training, Ms. Bergen oversees company-wide curriculum 
program development, implementation and training activities. Ms. Bergen earned a B.S. in Child 
Development from Minnesota State University and an M.A. in Early Childhood Education from Concordia 
University. Her career includes a rich variety of professional experiences in the early childhood field 
including prior work with several child care companies and non-profit agencies. She is a member of 
numerous educational organizations, including the National Association for the Education of Young 
Children (NAEYC) and the American Society of Training and Development (ASTD), and serves on a 
variety of advisory councils, task forces and committees within the early childhood profession. 
154 
Real Estate Management Team / Greenstreet Real Estate Partners 
Steven Green, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
See KUE Advisory Board section for complete biography 
Jeffrey Safchik, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
See KUE Advisory Board section for complete biography 
Steven Cox, Executive Vice President, Real Estate 
Mr. Cox has over 25 years of real estate development, investment, and asset management experience. 
Prior to joining Greenstreet, Mr. Cox was Managing Principal of Tishman Heskin Partners. Tishman 
Heskin is a national real estate investment and asset management firm focused upon opportunistic 
acquisitions of real estate and loan assets. At Tishman Heskin, Mr. Cox's activities included all aspects of 
strategic direction, market analysis, acquisition, positioning / re-positioning, leasing, and disposition of 
over $245 million of real estate nationwide. Since 1992, during Mr. Cox's term at Tishman Heskin 
Partners, the company consistently delivered above average returns to its investors, many of whom were 
offshore private clients. His experience in co-investing as a principal with globally oriented private clients 
provides Mr. Cox with a firm understanding of his primary role of investment origination on behalf of GOP. 
Prior associations include the Heskin Group, Towle Heskin Partners, Heskin Signet Partners and TCF 
Service and Mortgage Corporation. In 1986, as a founding member and principal of the Heskin Group 
(the managing member of the Towle Heskin Partners and Heskin Signet Partners), Mr. Cox oversaw the 
asset management direction and disposition of over $1 billion in real estate and loan assets together with 
financial and sale advisory assignments covering assets in excess of $2 billion in book value. Mr. Cox 
holds a B.S.B. in Finance with additional studies in Economics from the University of Minnesota. 
155 
KSI Board of Directors 
Les Biller, Director 
See KUE Advisory Board section for complete biography. 
Ralph Finerman, Director 
Mr. Finerman became a director of KLC in 1999. Mr. Finerman is the President of RFG Financial Group, 
Inc., a position he has held since 1994. Mr. Finerman is a CPA and an attorney and practiced in New 
York prior to forming RFG Financial Group, Inc. in 1994. Mr. Finerman also serves as a director of 
Nextera Enterprises, Inc. and as an officer or director of other privately-held affiliates of KLC and Krest 
LLC. 
Stephen Goldsmith, Director 
See KUE Management section for complete biography. 
Steven Green, Director 
See KUE Management section for complete biography. 
Stanley E. Maron, Director 
Mr. Maron became a director of KLC in 2004. Mr. Maron is a senior shareholder in the law firm of Maron 
& Sandler, a position he has held since September 1994. Mr. Maron is also a director of LeapFrog 
Enterprises, Inc. and Nextera Enterprises, Inc., and serves as an officer or director of various other 
privately-held affiliates of KLC and Krest LLC. 
Lowell Milken, Director 
See KUE Management section for complete biography. 
Wendi Murdoch, Director 
Wendi Murdoch is currently an advisor to News Corporation on its business development in the Asia 
Pacific region. Mrs. Murdoch is responsible for identifying and evaluating business opportunities in new 
media and the Internet, managing relationships with government organizations and officials, recruiting 
personnel and locating local partners. Previously, she served as the Vice President of News 
Corporation's Asian satellite network, the Hong Kong based Star TV. In that capacity she was 
instrumental in formulating STAR Sports and ESPN Asia. Mrs. Murdoch holds a Bachelors degree in 
economics from California State University at Northridge and an MBA from Yale University. 
Jeff Safchik, Director 
See KUE Management section for complete biography. 
Richard Sandler, Director 
See KUE Management section for complete biography. 
156 
k12 Management 
Ron Packard, Chairman and Founder 
Mr. Packard serves as Chairman of the Executive Committee of k12 and as acting Chief Executive Officer. 
Prior to co-founding k12 and since 1997, Mr. Packard has been an executive officer of KU Schools, 
whose subsidiaries and business ventures include early childhood education, charter school education, 
and after school programs. From 1994 to 1997, Mr. Packard served as President of Forestal Trillium 
Limitada, a South American company. Mr. Packard also has worked as a consultant for McKinsey & 
Company and a mergers and acquisitions specialist at Goldman Sachs. Mr. Packard also serves on the 
Advisory Board for Department of Defense Schools. Mr. Packard holds a B.S. and B.A. from the 
University of California at Berkeley and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. He is also a Chartered 
Financial Analyst. 
John Baule, Executive Vice President of Operations and Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Baule previously served as CFO for Headstrong, a global consultancy based in Fairfax, Virginia, from 1999 
to 2004. At Headstrong he was responsible for activities ranging from raising funds, to strategy, to daily 
process improvement on a global basis. Mr. Baule acted as Mead-Johnson's CFO in their international office in 
Hong Kong. Prior to Headstrong, Mr. Baule spent nine years at Bristol Myers-Squibb in a variety of 
international accounting and finance roles. Mr. Baule began his career at KPMG. He holds a B.B.A. in 
accounting from the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, VA. 
Bror Saxberg, Senior Vice President, Learning and Content 
Bror Saxberg serves as Senior Vice President of Learning and Content of k12. From 1998 to 2000, Dr. 
Saxberg served as Vice President of Operations at Knowledge Testing Enterprises, a developer of Web-
based assessments for IT skills, where he was responsible for technology, testing and operations. From 
1995 to 1997, Dr. Saxberg served as Publisher and General Manager of DK Multimedia, and he has also 
worked as a consultant for McKinsey & Co. Dr. Saxberg holds a B.S. from the University of Washington, 
an M.A. from Oxford University, a Ph.D. from MIT and an M.D. from Harvard University. 
Thomas Boysen, Senior Vice President, Chief School Officer 
Mr. Boysen serves as Senior Vice President and Chief School Officer of k12. Previously, he was COO of 
the Los Angeles Unified School District. Prior to this, Mr. Boysen was State Commissioner of Education 
in the State of Kentucky. He has also served as superintendent of schools for the San Diego Unified and 
Conejo Valley Unified school districts. 
Charles Zogby, Senior Vice President, Education Policy 
Mr. Zogby, serves as Senior Vice President of Education Policy. Previously, he served as Secretary of 
Education for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, where he helped craft one of the most successful and 
comprehensive education reform agendas in modern Pennsylvania history and lead the state's 
development and legislative passage of the U.S.' first comprehensive cyber charter school law. Prior to 
his appointment, Mr. Zogby served as Pennsylvania Gov. Ridge's policy director, where he was 
responsible for coordinating policy development and initiatives across 18 executive branch agencies. Mr. 
Zogby earned a bachelor's degree in economics from St. Lawrence University and his law degree, with 
distinction, from George Mason University School of Law. 
John Holdren, Senior Vice President, Curriculum 
Mr. Holdren serves as Senior Vice President of Curriculum of k12. From 1991 to 2000, Mr. Holdren 
served as Vice President and Director of Research and Publications at Core Knowledge Foundation. 
While at Core Knowledge Foundation, Mr. Holdren oversaw the development of the Core Knowledge 
Sequence: Content Guidelines for Grades K-8 and co-edited the Core Knowledge Series resource books. 
Mr. Holdren also has taught literature and writing at the University of Virginia and Harvard University. Mr. 
Holdren holds a B.A. from The Johns Hopkins University and an MA. from the University of Virginia. 
157 
19.2. Appendix B: Knowledge Learning Corporation: Management's Discussion & 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the Fiscal Years 
Ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 
158 
